.\" $TOG: xkbevd.man /main/6 1998/02/12 09:34:24 kaleb $
.TH HOTKEYS 1 "9 January 2001" "v0.2"
.SH NAME
hotkeys \- A hotkeys daemon for your Internet/multimedia keyboard in X
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B hotkeys
[\fIoptions\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This program sits at the back and listens for the hotkeys on your
keyboard. The buttons perform their intended behaviors, such as volume
up and down, mute the speaker, launch applications, etc.
Theoretically, the functions they perform are programmable, but not
yet at the moment.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 8
.B \-h, \-\-help
Prints a usage message.
.TP 8
.B \-b, \-\-background, \-\-bg 
Tells \fIhotkeys\fP to fork itself (and run in the background).
.TP 8
.B \-t, \-\-type
Specify the keyboard type.
.TP 8
.B \-l, \-\-kbd\-list
Show all supported keyboards, and the code needed for the \-t option.
.TP 8
.B \-d, \-\-cdrom\-dev
Specify the device of your CDROM drive, default to \fI/dev/cdrom\fR.
.\" .TP 8
.\" .B \-v
.\" Print more information, including debugging messages.   Multiple 
.\" specifications of \fI-v\fP cause more output, to a point.
.SH "SUPPORTED KEYBOARDS"
.TP 8
.I Acer Airkey III Wireless keyboard
The \fBvolume up\fR and \fBdown\fR works by changing the master volume of the
mixer (\fI/dev/mixer\fR).

The \fBmute\fR button sets the volume to 0 when pressed once, and restores the
previous volume when pressed again.

The \fBeject\fR button can eject and close the tray. The \fBplay\fR
button can be used to close the tray too.
.PP
.I Microsoft Internet keyboard
.PP
.I Memorex MX300 keyboard

.\" .PP
.\" For details please consult the file \fIkeyboard.list\fR.
.PP
As I have only the Acer wireless keyboard, you can help
me to support other keyboards by sending me the list of keycodes of
the hotkeys on your keyboard. You can do this by using \fBxev\fR.
Contact me for the details.
.SH "TODO"
Please consult the TODO file.
.SH "BUGS"
The program will sometimes terminate with the error
\fI"X Error of failed request:  BadValue (integer parameter out of range
for operation)"\fR at startup. I'm wondering why...
.PP
APM support is highly experimental. I only tested on my desktop and
sometimes it can't go out from Suspend mode, no response from the
keyboard, mouse, nor the suspend button on the case. Not tested on
notebook (I don't have one). Note that you need root priviledge to use
the APM functions.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2000, Anthony Y P Wong <ypwong@ypwong.org>
.PP
Licensed under GNU GPL version 2 or later.  This  is  free software;
see the source for copying conditions. There is NO warranty; not even
for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.SH AUTHOR
Anthony Y P Wong, Debian GNU/Linux
